I am Shirai in charge of France Fair
This year 's France Fair will be held from February 26
This year's theme introduces the people and people who are making fun of Kamiya Miya Pon Paris
I will
The main attention this time is Pori's most famous tragic sore This time Yamashita begins
We would like to have local staff come and have you all
Please enjoy the atmosphere of the Cafe de Flore at all it means the venue
Another recommendation this time is the target
All version of lantern in Bombar tray
Owner baker first Karvary tuning fork bucket was held in Paris last year
We splendid prize in baguette Competition
This time will be asked to reproduce the taste at the venue and you can see the pa Bali Ann
Suites recommended in a thin chocolate is chocolate Coquelicot
Caramel condensed Mr. extract Hillary will have been expected to
In the miscellaneous goods in the north Marais district of Paris , the wall sticker shop with felt motif
It is Hinata Patio Elmer
This time, you will be in Japan for the empty putting of the shop manager in Paris
Another recommendation is that the needle is famous for its motif
I can take a bird shot is good
It is about the neighborhood
I might also do good to use, such as in pastries because But cute in Japan
Other mountains where felt writers can see
You can see from Paris, but please come and join us
Of course there are antiques from Arashi city ​​in Paris that various people will see .
A lot of beautiful things on pin page appear
me
France fair 2012 which condensed such charm of Paris is such a country from Wednesday, February 29
Until the day Tuesday will be held at 10 times forests venue We look forward to your visit of everyone
me